This directory contains three Python utility codes, along with the .cfg
files needed to run them. The first code (savpres_ss.py) computes the
analytical solution for displacement and velocity for the Savage and
Prescott [1978] model. To run the model, simply type:

./savpres_ss.py

The savpres_ss.cfg file is read automatically. At present, things are set
up only for CSV (comma-separated values) output, since the VTK output is
not likely to be useful. The CSV results can be used with most plotting
packages.

Note that you will not be able to directly compare the analytical and
numerical solutions (see top-level README). You can instead compare the
velocity results for time steps in the later cycles, or you can compare
displacement results if they are referenced to a profile at the beginning of
a cycle.

The second utility code (vtkdiff.py) allows you to compute velocities from
the displacement results produced by PyLith. To do this, you just type:

./vtkdiff.py vtkdiff_hex8_unif_20km.cfg

This will generate velocity results for the uniform mesh with 20 km
resolution. Results are placed in the results directory for the
appropriate model. Note that the accuracy of the computed velocities is
dependent on the frequency of PyLith output, since they are computed by
differencing the displacement results.

The final utility code (ref_profiles.py) requires column displacement
output, which can be produced from the VTK results using a package such as
ParaView (see the README in the results directory). The purpose of this
utility is to reference all the time steps within a cycle to the time step
at the beginning of a cycle. This is necessary to compare the numerical
results to the analytical solution. Note that you cannot use this code
until you have generated the appropriate column files in the results
subdirectory.  Once you have generated these files, you can run the code
like:

./ref_profiles.py ref_profiles_hex8_unif_20km.cfg

This will create a sequence of tab-delimited files, one for each cycle.
This utility code may also be used to reference the analytical results to
the beginning of each cycle:

ref_profiles.py ref_profiles_savpres_displ.cfg

This will create a sequence of files for the analytical solution
(savpres_displ_c0.txt, etc.) in the utils directory.
