This directory contains the .cfg files and spatial databases needed to run
the benchmark. The simulations may either be run using the shell scripts
(spbm_xxx.sh) or by running the commands contained in the scripts. This
will take the form:
pylith spbm_xxx.cfg timedep.cfg

The default parameters, which are independent of the mesh used, are
contained in pylithapp.cfg. Additional mesh-dependent parameters are given
in the spbm_xxx.cfg files. The timedep.cfg file contains parameters specific
to time-dependent fault slip. At present, there are four different meshes
(the meshes and corresponding Cubit journal files are contained in the
meshes directory). Make sure that you unzip the appropriate mesh before
trying to run a simulation. Each mesh requires a different .cfg file.
These files are:

spbm_hex8_unif_20km.cfg:	This is a simple uniform mesh composed of
hexahedral elements, with a fault completely contained in the elastic layer.
The mesh resolution is 20 km throughout.

spbm_hex8_graded_20km.cfg:	This mesh is similar to the uniform mesh,
but an inner region of the mesh is put through one level of refinement, so
the region surrounding the fault has a finer resolution. This mesh will
yield more accurate results, but since it contains more cells and vertices
it will take longer to run.

spbm_tet4_unif_20km.cfg:	This mesh is exactly analagous to the
uniform hex mesh, but it is composed of tetrahedral elements. The resulting
mesh has slightly fewer vertices than the corresponding hex mesh, but many
more elements (cells).

spbm_tet4_graded_20km.cfg:	This mesh is exactly analagous to the
graded hex mesh, but it is composed of tetrahedral elements. The resulting
mesh has slightly fewer vertices than the corresponding hex mesh, but many
more elements (cells). As for the hex case, this mesh should produce more
accurate results than the graded mesh equivalent, but it will take longer
to run.

The spatial databases are as follows:

finalslip_rupture.spatialdb:	File used to specify coseismic slip.

mat_elastic.spatialdb:		File describing uniform elastic properties.

mat_maxwell.spatialdb:		File describing uniform viscoelastic
				properties.
sliprate_creep.spatialdb:	File describing constant velocity slip.

sliptime.spatialdb:		File describing slip initiation time.

Once you have run a simulation, the output VTK files will be in the
corresponding subdirectory in the results directory. These files may be
viewed with a visualization package such as ParaView. To compare the
results with an analytical solution, there are also some utility programs
in the utils directory.
