When each simulation has finished running, the results are stored in these
directories. The VTK files may be viewed with ParaView. To compare the
results with the analytical results, you can either use the displacements
directly and reference all results to the same time step within a cycle
(probably the first), or use the velocity results created with the
vtkdiff.py script in the utils directory. In either case, you will probably
want to convert the VTK results into something that can be used with a
plotting package. Here is one way to do this:

1.  Import the desired VTK files into ParaView (either the groundsurf or
groundsurf-diff files). You should be able to import all of them at once by
clicking on the top-level file.

2.  Use the "Plot Over Line" filter to extract results along a line. Make
the line coincident with the x-axis, extending from x=0 to the maximum
x-value.

3.  With the filter still selected, save the data. There is an option to
save the data as a CSV file. Provide a root filename, and then ParaView
will ask whether to save all of the steps. If you do that, you will have
one result profile for each time step. Note that if you use the filename
roots found in the 'cutcmd-displ.sh' and 'cutcmd-diff.sh' shell scripts,
you can just use these scripts instead of writing your own.

4.  You can extract columns from the CSV files by using the Unix 'cut'
command. For example, to select the column containing y-displacements in a
file called "file1.csv", you could do the following:

cut --delimiter=, --fields=5 file1.csv > file1.col

There are shell scripts to extract all these columns for you if you have
named your CSV files appropriately ('cutcmd-displ.sh' and 'cutcmd-diff.sh').

5.  Once you have extracted any desired columns, you can use the Unix
'paste' command to create a tab-delimited file containing the desired
columns. For example, assuming you have extracted the column files
"coords.col", "file1.col", and "file2.col", you could do the following:

paste coords.col file1.col file2.col > feresults.txt

There are shell scripts to paste the colums into a single file for you if
you have named your CSV files appropriately ('pastecmd-displ.sh' and
'pastecmd-diff.sh'). There are also files here at the top level that
contain column headings that are a bit more user-friendly than those
provided by ParaView. You can simply edit the .txt files and replace the
first line with the appropriate heading ('head-displ' or 'head-diff').
Note that all of the Python scripts recognize column headers as lines
beginning with a '#', so make sure the column headings begin with this
character.

6.  If you are using displacement results, you will then need to reference
any results to the first step in a cycle. There is a Python script in the
utils directory (ref_profiles.py) to do this for you. See the README in the
utils directory for instructions. You can then either use a plotting
package to view the results, or use the Python script in the figures
directory (plot_displ_profiles.py) to do it for you. See the README in
that directory for instructions. To view the velocity results, you will
either need to use a plotting package or write your own script based on
the script in the figures directory.
